Thomas was taking Sir Topham Hatt and
Dowager Hatt to the mainland to go to
the Opera I used to be quite the singer
in my day
would you like to miss it um well
perhaps later me my new singers and
ashes Thomas why have we stopped up
ahead sir
[Music]
toad could see that Thomas and Percy
didn't have enough time to reverse and
clear the line
you he had to save them all now
he's going to
toad had done it he'd stopped the coal
cars just in time everyone was very
relieved well done toad Thank You mr.
Thomas just doing my job
sorry Thomas I lost my cars on the hill
is everyone alright
no James everyone is not alright you
have caused confusion and delay I demand
to know how this happened
well sir the thing is I was going too
far as a folded branch of the line sir
he was nobody's fault it was an accident
Oh accident a rather like this little
brick van saved us all from disaster
what to agree yes I suppose so
you are really useful and very brave
brake then quite right well done toad
carry on carry on the Opera awaits
[Music]
welcome to Sodor June Thomas as you've
never seen him before
and discover how everyone's favorite
engine became the world's number one